we have here and in which the bun has been
pronounced
[Music]
you know that you know that so much still yesterday
reached six thousand we already talked about it and
before the hearing having all the voice
in the world that they have been able to silence all the
voice in the world that has not been able to silence
alleys okay
here we have like once again well once
again it's not that you go into
google yourself
and antonia you see that it comes out all day look it
comes look all day antonio david
flores and olga moreno spend
Christmas together and this how do you know [ __ ]
how do you know where do you know
everything
buying buying the little fish stopping
the little fish
kiko hernández of the messages to
sing and flores well an insult rather ok
message no an insult rather
no according to antonio rossi before the biologist
it could happen next to christmas eve
man that's what it is to be a couple
antonio what it has what
couples have not that spending christmas eve with
tones rocio flores shows the interior
of his sister lola's room or
5 hours ago that big news the
her sister Lola's room
won't have a stuffed animal from some way that
cures us that the pimples and things
are or that they don't stop that
the media doesn't stop coming out no Antonio David
uncovers the most controversial past of five
as they provoke nausea in the viewer
the one who has messed up the quality abandoned
with this 1st
first video
okay first video very first video just
finished her videos
congratulating Christmas
yesterday she uploaded one thanking everyone for the
topic of the 100 thousand okay
[Music]
very
familiar for her let's see the video
congratulating the night the Christmas Eve
so much whether it's a little bit of time for the
meal
her first grinóvero hey but don't put that
very well that he learns from the king of the
salsero but don't put it not only for
us he proposes
the one
who fights let's see the congratulations
that they have put and if the food doesn't arrive
we will listen to some audios of yours
that surely you have sent some
audios
[Music]